Okay. So here's the solution.
Here, we are trying to measure the range of the four targets,
which has the following frequency shifts.
We have zero megahertz,
1.1 megahertz, 13 megahertz and 24 megahertz.
We are also given that the maximum range a radar can detect is 300 meters,
and the range resolution required is one meter.
So using these values, we can determine the slope of the FMCW chirp.
To determine the bandwidth,
all we need to know is the range resolution.
So once you plug in the range resolution value,
we can determine the Bsweep.
Similarly, as we also know that the maximum range the radar can detect is 300 meters,
we can determine the time of each chirp,
which is generally defined by multiplier of 5.5 years along with the total trip time.
Once you plug in all these values along with the beat frequency,
we can determine the range for every target.
When running the code, here you get the range for each and every target.
Since in the case of first target,
the beat frequency was zero megahertz,
we see that the target is almost right in front of the radar.
The second target is at 12.1 meters away,
whereas the third is at 143, and at last,
the last target is 264 meters away from the car.